I'm afraid that the light is open, it tells us that we're feeling this essentially because of its knowledge.
I'm afraid that the light is open, it tells us that we're feeling this essentially, it tells us that we're feeling this essentially because of its knowledge.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're feeling this essentially a worst case scenario.
I think the truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good. That's not the way life is.
This episode is sponsored by Moink. That's Mo plus Moink.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied, I'm sure I'll lie again, I don't want to lie, you know, I don't think I'm a liar, I try not to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
You may have sound check there, Jeffrey, good to see you.
What I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain. So what do I do? I go to Des Moines.
Ladies and gentlemen, people on the screen, I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there for four years.
I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of Sentinel cases in Des Moines. I go to Seattle. I infect a couple of cases there.
I go to North Carolina. I go to Wisconsin. What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect Sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition.
These individuals complain. Again, this is a central nervous system condition. So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do.
It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms.
And then what I do, the real bug that I use is the Internet. I take attribution for that. Yes, I'm a terrorist group.
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent, and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are X, Y, and Z.
These people are really sick with this. But then I say, others who are also infected will show subdramal, pre-dramal signs of lethality, and what that will be is anxiety, sleeplessness, agitation.
What I've now done is I've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal, and I've got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system banging on the door.
If CDC comes back and says, nonsense, that's not real. I come back and say, that's fake news.
And as a consequence of doing that, what I do is I create a schism between the polis and the public health system.
I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its government.
I'm not going to do that.
We'll protect yourself at all times.
If we keep it clean.
Tell the girls that you wish.
Let's do it.
Well, this is so crazy!
This is so crazy!
I feel so nervous.
and welcome to the show this is giga ohm biological it's a high resistance low
noise information brief brought to you by a biologist trying to rescue some
sheep and sometimes in trying to rescue some sheep you can also injure some
sheep you can also scare a few sheep you can also startle a few sheep and so
yesterday's stream seemed to startle a few of you and and so I am I'm happy to
clarify some ideas tonight so if you've been following me for a while you're
here at the top of the wave if not you might be a skilled TV watcher who still
hasn't learned to stay focused on the biology still hasn't stopped taking
your bait on social media and still hasn't learned to love your neighbor
and that that's a very lonely place to be but if you're here for a while now
you already know that this community is growing slowly but surely it is linear
growth but that's better than no growth and you can follow me at giga ohm
biological calm and you can also watch this stream at stream dot giga ohm dot
bio and I would love it if everybody would check that out and notice that I
can get that chat up here and so it would be great the more people we get over to
the soapbox to try and test the server the better because right now it seems
like Ted and I are using what seems to be too much horsepower and if it's too
much horsepower if it's too much horsepower then I'd like to you know pay
less per month because I don't want to waste what little money I'm getting in
on on firepower or on server power we don't need so it's already recording
really well it's already storing really well nobody's having any playback
problems but now it's a question of whether the live thing actually works
so if you wouldn't mind going over there and checking and giving me a
report back in the chat about whether or not you're getting stalling or
screaming and how many viewers you see you can earn some some brownie points
with the with the with the instructor today this is a presentation of the
independent right web independent right web and the illusion is actually
sustained only through your active participation not biological just bio
stream dot giga ohm dot bio and we're trying to get people to understand what
the United non-compliance is nowadays and so you know night at night at
non-compliance is really just not going along with the narrative when you're
around people who are going along with the narrative it's speaking up when you
have the chance and it's reminding people that they are human just like you
and that we've been governed by lies for many decades now that's that's one of
the main messages I think that's open really to everybody but people are
trying to encourage me to get biology get them get back to the biology so we're
going to try and shove a little biology in your head tonight hello to Jeff from
earth I hope the scar looks a little better than that now a little bit
better than that but it's a he's a super fan with that with that that that carving
in his head for me I mean that's that's real loyalty there Jeff real loyalty
so we are currently dealing with a conscious of intelligent manipulation of
the organized habits and opinions of the masses being an important element in
democratic society for many many decades already and the people that have been
in government for many decades already know this they know that we're being
manipulated they know that so it's not surprising that that they are committed
to this removing of our informed consent they are committed to it because in
order to govern us effectively as a nation they need us paying attention to
the NBA which we're not paying attention to anymore they need us paying attention
to sports which we're not really paying attention to anymore and and we're
starting to pay attention to them and what they've said and the fact that
they're not following through with it excuse me for a second good evening
ladies and gentlemen this is Giga Home Biological a high-resistance low noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist my name is Jonathan Cooley I
am that biologist coming to you live from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania this is the
back of my garage the principle of informed consent is kind of a big idea
but it basically means being responsible it means being responsible for what
happens to you it means being an adult and kids can't exercise informed consent
because they're not adults they don't understand the reality of the world which
is that half of the adults out there are liars half of the adults are there
are willing to cheat people they don't know and half of the adults out there
might be desperate enough to cheat people that they don't know so it's it's
a hard world to introduce your children to when the default is is is not that
everybody believes in God and everybody's afraid to hurt other people that nobody
plays really violent video games or nobody watches really violent TV or
movies it's exactly the opposite of that people who have never really engaged
in violence like boys that have never played football are willing to smash
their heads friends into the pavement right now because we haven't really
allowed children to grow up in a way that that I feel like is biologically
relevant for their development that's what football is for that's what
basketball sports wrestling that's what these things are for and they're no
longer there anymore for the most part and and they're under emphasized and and
they are considered a luxury in many cases and so we are in a situation where
our young people are growing up un-unchained by a morality that they've
inherited from their parents or unchained by a a set of principles that
they are modeling from their parents and that's all of our collective adult
fault because many of us have turned over a certain amount of the parenting
to the inevitable social media the inevitable TV or or or video games
because they're all doing it I can't stop it and this is part of the apathy
that we need to change just like we need to change the apathy about well it's
too complicated for me to understand and know all of the biology that is
impingent on our families is is simple enough to understand at least the big
pictures and certainly the the morality underneath it and the the idea of what
we are really objecting to and not objecting to what they are claiming and
not claiming if you understand it well enough that's all you really need to
know the rest of the details tend to become noise and in fact their noise
because they've largely been produced through this this false generation of
knowledge that is preparing repetitive science testing of null hypotheses this
kind of crap which the broken science initiative is keenly organized to try
and dispel as a mythology in our society and I think it's a worthwhile cause part
of which that I feel a very big privilege of being an integral part of so
it's been a while since I've stated this hypothesis I think I should state it
again I think that the who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus
detectable by a nonspecific PCR tests many nonspecific PCR tests for RNA
viruses applied to a low prevalence population which means a high percentage
of false positives and correlated with poor detrimental health protocols meaning
that when you suspected covid or you got a positive test you treated somebody
completely differently than you would have if you just pulled them out of a
hat and looked at their symptoms and decided what to do that's the real truth
of the matter you took their pulse ox when you might not have ever taken their
pulse ox before and these things were correlated with those with those tests
and with these protocols because of of imperative and financial incentive and
this enabled a larger percentage of all cause mortality number one to be
created and number two to be blamed on something other than PNI and prioritized
as a national security threat composed of a vaccine preventable death and so all
of the wheels go into emotion immediately we've got to get the vaccine guys working
we got to get those repurposed drug guys working we got to get all these guys
working because the the the light went on the bell was wrong and now we have
this plan and the plan involves a national security operation that makes
sure that they get as much compliance as possible that's the objective of the
national security plan because before they know for sure whether it's Kevin
McCarran worst case scenario 1.2 billion people dead in a year and the knock on
consequences of that are simply unimaginable or whether it's a flash in
a pan kind of thing that the SARS original one did or whether it was a
false alarm all entirely and maybe maybe the Chinese were completely putting on
a show of course that that possibility never crossed anybody's mind in North
America we assumed immediately the Chinese must be serious and at least four
years later that should be a little puzzling to you but I would suggest
that an NIAID funded infectious RNA clone could have been used to seed the
molecular story and it could be titrated depending on what you want the story
to be if you want there only to be a few cases as James Giordano always
explains in our repeat of his videos well then you could use a clone to seed
a few of those cases including for example the Sohomishment Countyman and
guarantee yourself a cultural virus guarantee yourself a robust signal
guarantee yourself the things that you want to guarantee by making sure that
the signal that you found is the one you want to find again assuming that this is
a plannedemic as opposed to a pandemic which I don't think can happen as we
say with the yellow line there but RNA virus cannot sustain a pandemic we should
just say an RNA molecule cannot sustain a pandemic because coronaviruses
don't have any other enzymes in them it is essentially an RNA molecule wrapped
in a lipid lipoprotein coat so we could just say an RNA molecule we could just
say that like that but and RNA molecule cannot sustain a pandemic whoops it's
gonna get mad at me now there we go how about that and if we say it as
precisely as we can without having to commit ourselves to any of the details
of the story that's probably the best way to say it an RNA molecule can't
cannot sustain a pandemic so whatever they did it was a man-made process it
was a man-made illusion or a man-made commitment to the story of this any
combination of the above would get us across the finish line the goal is a
total surrender of individual sovereignty and enforcement of a global
fundamental inversion right because right now the whole globe still thinks of us
as kind of we're responsible for this right we're responsible for our kids if
my dog bites your kid it's my fault right so I mean we're responsible for our
stuff and our people and our family and our our our actions and they want to
invert that so that you don't you don't have anything you don't get to do
anything and none of it is yours it's it's it's the state almost like you
lease it your lease your citizenship that's what they would like it to be
based on your compliance that's that's a good way to see it actually is it just
falls out of my head like that that you're leasing your citizenship
dependent on or or yeah dependent on on on your compliance but you can tell if
someone's lying you know you can sort of feel it in people and I have lied I'm
sure I'll lie again I don't want to lie you know I don't think I'm a liar I try
not to be a liar I don't want to be a liar I think it's like really important
not to be a liar there's something very striking about that five sentence
response about lying there's something incredibly striking about it and what's
most striking to me is if I was to try and put together as a group
of sentences like that it would go something like I've tried not to lie as
far as I know I haven't lied sometimes I haven't told the whole story because
it was appropriate not to but I've never lied and certainly certainly I've never
lied into this camera and not into this microphone because that would be putting
my family in front of a train because I don't have a corporate backer or a
weaponized pile of money backing me I don't have the support of a network so
it's a really striking statement to me because that doesn't even get down to my
faith or or or my upbringing or why it is that I find it very important not to
lie and I've got a great story for that it's a long and detailed one but it's
a weird thing for somebody like Tucker Carlson who gets millions of views
influences millions of people directly and indirectly to just flat out admit he's
a liar doesn't want to be but he is partly because of his job partly because
of it's how the world works that's what's so cool about this stream that's what's
so spectacular if you're watching on YouTube you are seeing something that
YouTube doesn't want you to see right now you should come over to stream dot
gig ome dot bio and get off this stupid platform YouTube because it's just
propaganda and now if we listen very carefully to the next guy that I play
understand that I've met so many of these people in the last three years and
I've had so many of them give me the fake smile and the fakes fake selfie and the
fake oh I love what you do I've seen your stream only to stab me in the back only
to pretend they don't know me only to go on talking about things inverted from
what I would have told them in person and without shame or remorse because it's
part of a show and it takes a lot if you realize how much it takes for me to say
that here I'm standing alone not because I think it's gonna be the the quickest
way to eclipse Rogan I'm standing alone because I feel like it's the only thing
I can really offer you because I'm one of the few people who has real personal
face-to-face experience with a lot of these these individuals otherwise what
data points would you have their tweets versus someone else's tweets how many
people can say to you that they've met any of these people in person much
less talk to them ask them questions to their face and watch them kind of squirm
about it watch them try to get away as quick as possible watch them be
surprised when the guy next to you is Mark Coolack and you introduce them to
him I've had lots of experience with these people and so if I bore you or annoy
you with the personal experiences that I have I have to confess it's a lot of
what I have to offer besides the biology which I've already spent three years
teaching because these are data points and so as I as I move forward I think
it's really important for for everyone the political cut I have on the
specialization is always that that if you analyze the politics of science
the specialization should make you suspicious it should because it's gotten
harder to evaluate what's going on and it's presumably gotten easier for people
to lie and to exaggerate and then one should be a little bit suspicious and
that's that's sort of my starting my starting bias so my point is if I go
back one slide is that the lot of these people as Peter Thiel himself said I
believe are engaged in lying or exaggerating about gain of function and
about the potential of coronavirus is to pandemic and about the effectiveness of
vaccines and about the need for public health and about the fights that they are
putting up and about the ideas that they are sharing in order to make sure that
we are not able to save our grandchildren from enslavement and I think a lot of
these people are auditioning for a place in that group of governing elite that's
what I think and if you see it that way then I have been I have been bumping
into people who have misrepresented themselves as who they are because all
of the people in this picture ever miss have represented themselves as fighting
for my grandchildren not for theirs not for their intergenerational wealth or
multi-generational wealth or the potential for it and the preservation of
it they pretend to be fighting for our grandchildren for our grandchildren's
freedom and they're not they're playing along with the people who are running
this show and it's very important and that's my role I think is to bring people
through the biology to see it of course scientists have tried to determine
exactly where and how this novel coronavirus spread to humans did it
emerge naturally from the animal world and get transmitted to people in Wuhan
China or from a security breach at a research lab also in Wuhan that has been
the subject of an ongoing debate William Brangham is back with details about
new studies published yesterday in the journal Science that point to the live
animal market Judy trying to understand COVID's origins okay so I don't I don't
need to play this whole thing but what I'm trying to show you is is that for four
years one of the illusions of the consensus has been this argument about
a lab leak or a novel virus from a bad cave and you can never not start there
because it is one of the easiest ways to open the argument or open the
discussion with anyone on the left or the right who is generally still skillfully
watching television you can first start with have you ever thought about the
possibility that these people who run the show tricked us into arguing about
whether it was a lab leak or a novel virus to get us to accept the premise of a
virus to begin with like if it's a bad cave virus or a lab leak and we argue
about that then we accept the novel virus without even knowing it have you ever
thought about that because that would be a clever way for the biosecurity state
to get what they wanted without risking anything in fact they wouldn't even risk
international relations because they could tell China and the governments
around the world that it was actually okay but we're gonna do this and you're
gonna do it with us and collectively we're gonna be able to get farther down
our plan of 2030 UN 2030 then we would have if we didn't hit so obvious now
and it should be obvious from four years back that this there's there's there's
Rasmussen on the PBS NewsHour I mean think about what they did to us that
they threw her in front of our grandparents on PBS NewsHour has an
authority about the fact that it was a laboratory not a laboratory leak but a
a market zoonosis and coupled with the the overt lying on mainstream media the
overt lying on Fox MSNBC and PBS NewsHour there was the heterodoxy on the
internet that was also lying but in a different way between a inside of a very
limited spectrum of debate which seemed to vigorously challenge that mainstream
narrative but not really it vigorously challenged the mainstream narrative by
suggesting that they were covering up the lab leak so in effect they took one
side but not all of them of course Sam Harris also a prominent member of the
original OG intellectual dark web also took the position that it couldn't have
been a lab leak that's ridiculous mother nature is already mean enough we
don't need to make up stories and so that's why I played this over Nathan's
picture because I do think it's very important that if this was done in
malevolence if this is part of the governing strategy of the people that
run the show then we better wake up now or our children will wake up enslaved and
I don't think all of these people are involved I don't think all of these
people knew better I think a lot of these people are just trying to make ends meet
too but it's four years in now and it's time for the critical thinkers to pull
up their pants and admit that they made a huge mistake like I have admitted it
make sure that they admit that they've made a huge mistake and participated in
something that they could have known better was more than they were told it
was Tommy could figure this out yet except he thinks that this guy's telling
the truth it's funny because you can find pictures of this guy in a bubble suit
too just like sheng she Lee only 20 years ago I think the most more parsimonious
solution for this is that these people have been engaged in this spreading of
bad ideas for much longer than we thought engaged in spreading bad ideas
through event 201 through dark winter through the spars pandemic through all
of these tabletop exercises through popular novels through movies these
ideas have been spread and I believe that there are people in government who
have been involved in making sure that the worst case scenario of bio weapons
all the way back several decades already they were already playing with this of
course they thought it was possible for a while but the more they delved into
this the more they realized that the robustness of the immune system was in
general pretty solid it's only when they went intramuscularly injecting
combinations of substances derived from other animals that they start to have
big problems they had to cover that up it's all one big continuous storyline that
nobody really wants to admit because then you will see that they actually are
probably involved in making sure that you don't see it that everything from
AIDS actually lines up but it's not that AIDS was a huge thing and they they
killed a bunch of people no it was probably a very small thing mostly a
mistake due to vaccination and backs preparation so they had to cover it up
and so they covered it up and if anything if anything right now what we are
dealing with is a continued spinning spiral of people who are essentially not
sick being told that they are sick and then being treated in a way that
otherwise would they would be fine we I mean we are dealing with something very
very malevolent here and that's why when you go through the history of all the
people that were involved from 2020 forward you will see that a vast
majority of them for some reason or another cut their teeth in a few
hospitals and more importantly cut their teeth in a few labs on a few subjects
most of them went through an HIV lab or an HIV ward or an HIV something charity
Deborah Birx has no business having been involved in this but she was intimately
involved the list is huge ladies and gentlemen and you have to you have to
ignore all of the list you have to ignore the entire list of incongruencies
before you can accept the idea that any of these people might be on our side but
just confused that's the part that's unfortunate and frustrating we don't
have much time the bottom line is for me if if we don't make serious progress
and waking people up to the extent to which they have been lying to us by the
time the election comes it will be over I don't know what's gonna happen best
case scenario it's an election with conflicting results that everybody gets
pissed about for months and disrupts everything mentally anyway but I have a
feeling it's gonna be a little more complicated than that and so we need to
bring people to understand these basic truths that intramuscular injection of
any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system
is dumb and we need to say these things to people like Paul Offit so that they
respond to us I actually think he did respond in the last video the reason
why I didn't play it was because I was streaming to all those things and I
didn't think it was playing right but I do think it is playing it would play
okay and when it does you will see there's a couple things in there that are
hilarious including the fact that Paul Offit says that that Brett Weinstein
lost his YouTube channel because he was pushing Ivermectin that was pretty
cool um transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and I say
healthy humans because there are situations somebody asked this in the
chat the other day I say healthy humans because there are situations where
unhealthy humans like people with cancer where transfection seems to be very
appropriate way of augmenting T cell responses so that the immune system can
more adequately recognize the cancer and get rid of it so in unhealthy humans
transfection may be a way of augmenting their immune response so maybe a way of
repairing a physiology that's either in need of it or whatever but in unhealthy
humans you know you got to do what you got to do maybe it's worth the risk maybe
it's not I'm not gonna say it's not but in healthy humans it's criminally
negligent and we they've not even come close to making it okay to use in healthy
humans and that's why I say it that way I got it this more simplified now RNA
cannot pandemic and so viruses are not patterned integrity's might be a more
more nuanced way of saying that in a buckminster fuller sort of of nomenclature
but I think RNA cannot pandemic is a pretty good home run and so I've been
trying to explain the Scooby-Doo in three scenarios a laboratory or bad cave
virus zoonosis right that's those are the TV scenarios one through three and
so there's an ongoing pandemic and there's an illusion of consensus about it I've
been starting to call this a faith in a novel virus because these people don't
need to have much evidence for them to fully believe that seven million people
were killed actually they just need to repeat it to each other and they believe
it they don't need to to know anything about gain a function research to believe
it's totally possible to engineer a virus that could kill a billion people they
have faith that that's definitely possible they have faith that the
variants are all cultural and trackable and evidence of evolution they have
faith that the lockdowns were done successfully or adequately that they
would have worked they have faith that without the strict regulation of these
laboratories the future pandemics will be worth and they have faith that
transmission at least saves some people maybe old people as as as victory said
or maybe it was just for the first variant and then after that it didn't
help so many people but at least it worked in the beginning this faith is
unquestioned by any of these people and you need to to pay attention hard to see
it but when you pay attention you see it as a faith that just clear right in the
middle they don't touch it they don't come anywhere near it and I think that it
doesn't matter because of the faith itself is a lie and there's lots of
different ways that that faith could be a lie the conflated background signals
the best way to explain it because we don't have any data from before that and
so because the faith is a lie staging the pandemic required murder they needed
all cause mortality to go up and it didn't matter how it went up they could
go up by ventilating people to stop spread it could go up by making people
have more illness and and easier to ventilate by giving them too much
supplementary oxygen it could go up by using remdesivir it could go up by
using medazolam it could go up by telling people to stay home until your
pulse ox is 80 it could go up by not using antibiotics or misusing steroids
and all of those things led to an increase in all cause mortality that all
the people participating attributed to the one new cause of death the novel
virus which was never there in the first place but because of the faith of
all the people around them they just assumed it had to be and so this faith
in a novel has become a faith in a novel biology the first part of this novel
biology that that seems to have been accepted by everybody is a trackable
gain of function RNA went endemic meaning it's never gonna go away now we're
gonna be stuck with this forever and it's a gain of function RNA that went
endemic with a fear and cleavage site and HIV inserts this kind of thing and so
let's think about that a little bit let's think about how that could have
happened in another way or think about ways that that that could be disproven
how it could have been fraud the first way to think about it is with PCR first
of all see up there at the top let me get rid of all them the motion and crap
here so if you see up at the top there I have the the earth color differently
and all the viruses are grayed out because we have no data from before 2020
about what these PCR 250 odd PCR test would have given us but the primers can
be insufficiently specific on a homologous background homologous means
related to or or similar to and so if we have a bunch of signals in the
background and we use PCR primers that are not specific for any one of those
then we can use a PCR test to to insinuate spread that is not there the
primers could also be insufficiently specific and then overcycled and so
that might even be different than it being present but they could be a
specific and then overcycled so depending on the hotness of the background
depending on the specificity of the background these things could be
adjusted over time different batches could have different primers different
specificities and so they could have orchestrated this in any way that they
wanted to and all of the infrastructure to do that would have already been
present because manufacturing these things is old hat and if you're willing
to accept the fact that there were different batches of the mRNA that they
just learned to manufacture this year or in 2021 then I assure you you have to
assume that lateral flow tests and PCR tests could have been adjusted and
faked and monitored and varied depending on what they wanted or didn't want to
find
PCR done on a zero prevalence background confounded with release location
positivity what do I mean by that I mean that you could orchestrate it in such a
way so that in most places you didn't have anything so everything was false
positives but in some places you did have things that you did plant in order to
get those positives and so you could create the illusion of a wave or the
illusion of positivity or the illusion of a specific sequence and so PCR done on
those two different backgrounds one where you planted something in one where you
didn't when there's and the PCR is specific enough so that it can be zero
and a hundred percent specificity on that in 99 then you've got a wonderful tool
there you can vary those two things I just want you to see that any of these
things or all of these things are possible ways that this could have been
faked very good questions to ask are where and when on earth were nested
primers used in PCR testing almost nowhere maybe in australian New Zealand to make
sure that they didn't have much testing positive when they wanted it right
nested primers in australian New Zealand wouldn't surprise me at all but I know
for sure they had no nested primers in Canada for example where is the list of
companies and their protocols that were actively engaged in testing in 2020
and 2021 those are gone and that shouldn't be possible if we're gonna
be able to forensically identify and study what happened in 2020 so we
better get on that stuff really quick so sequencing fraud possibilities this
is different than PCR remember because PCR is just amplifying small fragments
of a large genome where a sequencing fraud would be how would they orchestrate a
appearance of spread with sequences if there was a background that they we
weren't told was there and they were using it well the way they would do it is
that the primers would be specific on a pre-existing background and on that
pre-existing background then what they would want to do is adjusting the number
of primer pairs in order to amplify removed specificity so in other words
the number of primer pairs that amplify on a given sequence is kind of a
threshold right if you don't get all 99 amplicons do you still count it if you
get only 80 amplicons do you still count it 75 amplicons do you see what about
15 and so there's lots of games that can be played with oh wow we got a lot of
amplicons just not all the amplicons so we'll just assume this is a sequence
and they could even do that just with the spike because the spike is the most
abundant sub-genomic RNA and most likely to be found in any of these reactions
that didn't have the full sequence or most of the sequence there
well they could have all had the spike and so it would be very easy for them
to tell this story in any number of ways depending on what the actual status of
the background is but if they tweaked the number of
amplicons necessary to call it a sequence then they can tweak the
specificity as they will and remember where did these sequencing
reactions go were they being done on a bench
were they being done on benches all around the United States at all different
universities no they would be done by the CDC
and they were controlled by DARPA all the sequencing was controlled I believe
by the CDC and BARDA or DARPA or something somebody can figure it out
but it wasn't until like 2021 and 22 that we started having everybody send
in sequences because these things were available and they were doing it
was a very highly controlled operation why would that be
well that would be because the primary pairs would be changed to reflect the
desired evolution pulled from the background in other words
if they had already spent a couple years characterizing that background then
it would be very easy for them to pretend that oh we found this one and now
we found this one and now we found this one and look it's a tree
and now there's no arguing with it anymore because there's papers published and
stuff so the only way that you can contribute to this
sequence tree is to add to it it's no going back anymore
so how long did they really have to control the sequence database not that
long really before everybody would fall into place so
where good questions again where and when on earth did independent sequencing
begin because it didn't start from the beginning
that database has populated exclusively by the government for quite some time
where is a list of companies and their protocols that were actively engaged
in sequencing in 2021 i don't know can't find it on the
FDA website i'd say this is something we should work on
so total fraud possibilities then given that we have no data
from before 2020 would include PCR fraud and sequencing on a pre-existing
background it would include sequence data curated
until the phylogeny was established until the tree was built and
and and Trevor Bedford could give a give a talk on it
and say look what's changing the fastest and ooh scary let's pay attention to the
spike and then everybody just followed suit from then on
primer pairs in both can be changed to reflect the desired evolution so we
can change the PCR we can change the sequencing
primers and nobody nobody's aware of that there's not a
there's not an open source chart of all the primer pairs that were used
because these are these are proprietary things
these are trade secrets supplemental oxygen used without working knowledge
by untrained residents that were shitting their pants because they had
national guard people in their hospital and they thought that
the tv wasn't lying to them this is a relatively new unknown
that crazy enough no mds picked up on but every md i talk to is like oh yeah
that's terrible oxygen is toxic well holy crap
when are they going to catch on to that one or did we find something there that's
so big because it's the perfect on ramp into all of this other nonsense
and it starts with this two dollar amazon order
encouraged by FLCCC 94% or lower you better go to the hospital
boy i wonder how they got so many people to go to the hospital and get killed
clone release and quantity do a known quantity
what do i mean by that i mean that i think they already understand that if
they took a bottle of this size with a known quantity of
RNA and it dropped it inside of an apartment
building they know exactly how far it will go around the world
you know what exactly how far how many people can get on a plane
how long that it will be trackable and how far it will go
because they've done it before they did it with sars one they did it with
mares these could have easily been could be seen
as experimental releases of a certain quantity
of a certain transmissibility of an RNA that could replicate
let's see how far it goes if we get this much there
what happens if we put it only on four camels
and so i'm not saying there's a clone unit i'm just
let's say for example right now we think about the fact
that they released a known quantity of a clone in
in china at the first sars release and then they just watched to see where it
go and how far they can track it now if you think about that as one
clone unit how many clone units would they have to release around the world
before everybody would believe a pandemic was going on even though they
knew full well that whatever they released was only
going to go so far they've already measured it a few times
they could release a smaller bottle so it wasn't even as big as sars one but
still trackable for a certain period of time
and still causing people to become annoyed
you see the the point i'm making here i don't know
to what extent this is possible but i know for sure that clones are real
i know for sure that that's the only way that RNA virology is tractable
in the laboratory is to go and make a DNA clone of the RNA you want to study
and i know for sure we're right about that because until
we started to hammer this home everybody was my friend
until we started to hammer this home everybody wanted to talk to me everybody
wanted me to write in their book the moment i figured out that wait
RNA virology is dependent on cloning
that's how they make all of their virology is that they make
RNA clone and then they put it in a cell culture
the the latest AIDS pre-print that's out on
the bio archive is literally HIV cloned RNA put on HEK cells
and then taken up as viral particles HEK cells are cell type that i've
worked on for years so if you're going to tell me
that you can transfect them and they make viruses well then now i know
exactly the the grift that's going on here
it's just transfection and transfection again
and they are assuming that the the the natural version of this is a
spontaneous transfection that can sustain itself and that's just a
mythology that they love to be true but definitely is not
and so the total fraud possibilities really
are pretty obvious now and this limited spectrum of debate that they hold us
within is starting to become pretty obvious as well
when they just simply won't consider the possibility
when Brett needs to say it four different ways in 10 minutes that
i'm i'm i'm i remain convinced i am sure there was a novel pathogen i am
sure mostly because of the excellent doctors that that have treated him
oh i agree i'm sure of it that's their job
their job is to create sustain and reinforce the limited spectrum of
debate as described by noam Chomsky so that we never escape so that we're
always arguing about bad ideas so that we're always asking the
wrong question so that this worst case scenario never goes away
that our children believe this worst case scenario that's their job
and that's way we win is that when our kids don't believe it
when our kids are confident enough to say to their teachers at school that you
know antibodies are bullshit right you know that that that you can't get
antibodies without multiple layers of t-cell activation and also having
antigen in circulation so that b-cells can be activated before
before they are are are stimulated by t-cell interaction
which is what linked recognition is
and so all of this sort of fundamental mechanical knowledge of immunology
needs to be taught to our children so that they can understand why
it's not very likely that all the molecular biology of the pandemic
is a lie it's not all fake and so how could it not be all fake
well they've told us cartoon stories about how virology works
they've told us cartoon stories about viral replication and viral packaging
we've talked about many times on the stream they they can make cartoon
models of how it works and show us the end protein
getting nicely packaged inside of an endosome that's filled with spike
protein but that doesn't mean that that's that's definitely what happens
all the time and in fact we've heard Robert Malone himself
admit that the vast majority of viral particles that are produced don't do
anything they're useless and so these preparations are
immunogenic they're immunostimulating but they're not necessarily all fully
replication competent variants because that's not how
transfection works that's not how this hijacking of a cell culture works
influenza A needs to be packaged perfectly with
other enzymes in order for it to be a successful variant
coronaviruses don't have that coronaviruses are actually were told
our one genome just an RNA and that RNA then gets translated into proteins
that then work on it and not other things
all inside of our cell despite the fact that ourselves are doing lots of other
stuff on their own now this thing can come in and completely
operate on its own and package itself and not make many errors
and do all kinds of things just because it's drawn in a cartoon
and published in nature
and so the idea that it hijacks our machinery is one of these things they
say over and over again that's not possible he can't make a cell do
something that it doesn't already do we're talking about exosomes we're
talking about communications intracellularly
and so maybe it's possible that a foreign RNA can hijack that system it's
possible but it's very different than the
the hijacking of of the cell to make its machinery do what it doesn't already
do which is what they would like RNA copy fidelity is simply the
argument that RNA doesn't copy itself as perfectly as DNA doesn't DNA makes
errors
don't forget that we just heard
was it who was who was the one who said that i think it was craig bentner
that said that the RNA makes all kinds of errors i can't remember who i was
watching anymore so that the aribosomes make all kinds of
errors when they're making proteins and those proteins
misfold and whatever and so there's so much protein degradation all the time
because of how sloppy a ribosome is but somehow or another
the virus is able to hijack the ribosomes and get perfect copies of
itself out of the proteins of itself out and at the same time
get copies of the machinery right it's got to make using our ribosomes it's got
to make its own RNA dependent RNA polymerase and
ribosomes despite their crappy you know error error prone
misfolding prone function
remember the same guy told us if you were going to make cars and you used
ribosomes boy you would you would never be successful you'd go out of business
because they're not that good but somehow or another
we're told that viruses can hijack that stuff in a way they go
trillions of copies of themselves
and of course i've explained it as a mixtape
you've got to think of RNA as a mixtape you can't copy it with high fidelity
over and over and over again and then have a useful copy at the end if you
make a mixtape and you make a copy of it it will be worse than the first one
there will be errors there will be more noise
and that's definitely true of an RNA genome even if you want to argue that
it's higher fidelity than jay kooie says it is
it's not high enough fidelity to explain how in the hell it could go from a puddle
in wuhan to being everywhere and in most species by now
that's simply ridiculous
and now dna could be thought more of like a cd and it's possible to make copies of
dna with relatively high fidelity that's why
it's very interesting that these RNA signals are
very intractable in the nature in in the laboratory i'm going to escape for
just one second and put this back up
and so because the vast majority of these things can't be grown in culture it's
very difficult other than maybe get a sequence
they usually sequence these viruses or these these RNA signals and then
transfer them to a dna signal which they can use
standard molecular biological techniques including E. coli cultures to grow them
and take advantage of the cd like qualities of dna
so they take that dna it's too long for one uh
chromosome in uh in a bacteria so they break it up into four or five pieces
they grow those in separate cultures that's E. coli
making copies of this dna at high fidelity
of course it's going to make errors but in the end you're going to be left with
a large quantity of dna that you can expose to RNA polymerase and have a
lot of DNA or RNA excuse me
that's very closely related to the original sequence that you found in
the wild and very high fidelity you can get
there's going to be errors for sure but the quantity of if if you
if you look at this as um like a book like let's say we'll take this book
this is the Buckminster Fuller book that i did the other day so we take this book
and we make copies of it in and dna style
then yes there will be some errors but for the most part
every one of those books will be the same if we did the RNA version of it then
we would maybe get a few hundred copies and then the rest of them
would be useless some of a lot of them would be missing lots of pages and
stuff like that because you'd have premature stops or
you have frame shift mutations this kind of thing
which are more likely to happen during RNA copying versus dna copying and they
all all the molecular biologists in the world
understand this it's only coronavirus biologists that
insist that coronaviruses can copy RNA better than any
other system can because they have this gene called exon
which apparently is a proofreading gene and makes it much closer to dna but
that's a hand-waving statement that has like two papers that
argue that might be the case but don't really demonstrate it empirically
and yet instantaneously this was one of the few things that was thrown at me
when I explained how RNA virology is done and it's done this way
they said yeah but it's the same it's not the same
it's not the same because you don't have to just make enough for a cell culture
you don't have to just make enough for a mouse
you don't have to just make enough to put in the freezer to alquat and send
to your friends you can make leaders of it
as Vincent Rancin Yellow said so eloquently about the
about the scaling up of the production of the RNA shot we're going from
nanograms to kilograms and the only way to do that would be to do it this way
to make a clone of the RNA a dna clone
and until I really figured this out and could teach people the
significance of this nobody cared who I was everybody just kind of
casually ignored me and it wasn't until then now that these people from the
human genome project and everywhere else started to
actually say that I was crazy that I was nuts that I didn't know what I was
talking about and not without not with a good
scientific rebuttal but with insults and half-witted rebuttals
twice actually to my face where I was able to
respond immediately and then eventually just on twitter after blocking me
and so we've looked at sequencing of these clones and we've noticed
that even when we use sequencing that is supposed to find
a larger quantity of the total RNA that doesn't even need the RNA to be
used reverse transcriptase and PCR it up again just be using the raw RNA
we still we still find a very significant difference between the total
number of genomic RNAs we can identify
and the number of subgenomic RNAs that we record from and see
the reason why that's important is because what Robert Malone said in that
video the vast majority of viral particles are
replication incompetent I think it's because virology knows that these
subgenomic RNAs get packaged in exosomes and excreted
just as quick or quicker than the full genomes that are produced in small
quantity and so when they harvest these particles
when they harvest these RNAs they don't find the signal that you would think
they found two full genomes in this experiment too
with the human coronavirus 229e done in 2019 right before the start of the
pandemic basically illustrating the very phenomenon that
Robert Malone would explain on a podcast about a year later that
the vast majority of particles are replication incompetent they could
make you they could make your lungs be irritated
they could cause inflammation but unless one of those two genomes there got in
you and successfully started to replicate even
though it's missing something here the pink one is
you'd have nothing
and so of course this was already seen years ago
and already known years ago because we've been using this kind of cloning
technology these shortcuts to making large quantities of the
same RNA in order to study these things because
there's no other way to do it and when we've done it we've always found the
same thing here's the subgenomic RNA just a shadow
and then we go all the way down here to the spike protein that's just a giant
number
and so i'm pretty sure that what you have is just a giant quantity of
incompetent particles with a few competent particles and so they have
exaggerated the fidelity of this system
they've exaggerated the danger of it and they've exaggerated the potential
for pandemic and instead what's likely true
is that these signals are found everywhere and they've confounded a
background signal for spread
and so the viral swarm is a very simple idea that
everybody seems not to not to like they all
are simultaneously on the idea that a clone can go around the world all at the
same time the smoking gun of the endo-nuclease sites
but none of them want to talk about the aspect of that that that that means that
i was right and so now the only question is whether or not that clone spreads
like a regular virus does and i don't think it can because a regular virus
can't and because a clone would necessarily have less
diversity and have less of the natural phenomenon whatever that is
and the natural phenomenon can't do it then i don't know why the clone would do
it the clone could actually go farther because its purity is higher at the
beginning it's it's it's competent particle ratio
might be higher at the beginning because of the nature of clone production
and none of these people are interested in that even though they're all
agree that wow it must have been endo-nuclease sites must mean it came from
a laboratory they must have used the no-seum technique
no they made infectious clones and then ceded the narrative with it
and all these people still believe that that RNA can pandemic and so therefore
they've confounded the two ideas no clones are real clones can be used to
seed the story but clones cannot pandemic because RNA can't do it
you can make enough to make it look like it but you can't
so we got to make RNA real again we got to return it to the laws
and we got to make RNA clones real again the potential for what they are
it's just quantity and so that's just the story of the trackable gain a
function RNA that went pandemic that that's just the first
aspect of this the transfection of course we've also been on like flies on
on do-do for a very long time nobody wants to give us credit for that
everybody wants to say it's what are we done now the double-stranded DNA
shall we break this down again one time for the cheap seats
transfection is criminally negligent why is that
well that's because first and foremost transfection is a term all academic
biologists should know and should have known
at the start of the pandemic i guess i'll disappear
when the words get to my hand so transfection has been used for decades on
the lab bench and there are countless faculty members of
countless universities in the united states
who should have known that lipid nanoparticles carrying a modified RNA
are no different than the crap that they use on their bench
and they should have never considered this in healthy humans as a reasonable
response to whatever they call the pandemic
so all of these people should be ashamed of themselves
everybody that i worked with at the university of pittsburgh
should be ashamed of themselves for not knowing that transfection was
stupid in healthy humans never mind healthy children or healthy
college kids that you're teaching you should apologize to every class that
you teach this year say why was i a dumbass for advocating for you guys to
transfect yourself and the reason why is because
transfection in the purest form would have been inappropriate
if you produced it with the finest PCR and the finest printer
it would still be inappropriate to use a lipid nanoparticle to carry this
shit all over anybody's body why because transfection challenges
the immune system in its best case scenario
to still have to attack the body without making mistakes
transfection using chemically altered and codon optimized RNA as many known and
unknown consequences that cannot contribute to good
outcomes regardless of purity and those do include
wobbles they do include stop codons and they do include frame shifting
but we already knew that we knew that from the first two visits of kevin
macernan on my stream why aren't we talking about that now
we also knew that the use of RNA produced with the commonin methods was
gonna have like bacterial cultures we're gonna have
additional sources of adulteration we knew that this is not some kind of
special story why are they selling it to us like
it's a big discovery they've known this for decades
this is how you make antibodies the reason why is because the RNA was
impure they knew that already they knew that endotoxins would be present
they knew that the DNA could likely contaminate it they knew that because
they can't separate it in the traditional way that they do
when they're making other biologics that are protein-based
and the use of an untested nanoparticle carrier
known to travel freely will have countless unknown consequences detectable and
undetectable in the short and long term we are talking about something that is
only chemically inert in the preparation itself and not
when it's in your body if that's not a lie i don't know
what is
if if peter colas standing in front of a room say well we can't we we wasted
lots of people's lives on trying to get this to go someplace
and we're still not there yet and it doesn't understand the
huge contradiction between that and having a scotch when they told him it
was 95 percent effective i don't know what to tell you there must be some
pretty dumb people in academia who the repetitive ritual of
paparian falsification has just blanked their mind
but that seems to be the state of it
and so the spread of bad ideas is much scarier and dangerous than the spread of
any RNA molecule mostly because RNA molecules can't pandemic
and so now the latest thing is is that the spike was a weaponized pre-on that's
the worst-case scenario to come it's an interesting worst-case scenario because
it comes right out of the spars pandemic document
it's like page 48
i think it's a known side effect and an expected side effect of mass
transfection i think it was a known side effect of
using modified RNA in people i think they knew
that they would get this because modified RNA goes through the ribosome so
terribly i mean regular RNA goes through the ribosome so
terribly that we occasionally have misfolding disorders
so what the world would modified RNA do they knew that
and that's why they seeded the narrative with team worst-case scenario clown
show from the very beginning at the start of the pandemic so that we would
misconstrue the effects of the spike with the effects of the
transfection but what aspects of the spike are
pre-onogenic how long are these sequences that are pre-onogenic
what kinds of homologies do they have to the pre-on protein that is thought to
be responsible for the material process of this happening in vivo
none of these people are talking about this they're just saying pre-on pre-on
pre-on here's a nature paper
here's a nature uh disease tutorial or something like that
with a little cartoon so that we can understand how prions work and i'm
just going to read from the caption here
according to the pre-on hypothesis the protein only hypothesis and its
refinements in the base state one this one says pre-on
this one says pr pc so that's the cellular pre-on protein okay
the cellular pre-on protein isn't they're not going to tell you what that does
but it's there and it's normal and then a pre-on comes along
and it bumps into the pre-on protein the cellular pre-on protein so that's
number one in the base state prions comprise
solely or predominantly a misfolded form of cellular
pre-on protein so this is the misfolded one
propagation of prions is thought to occur by ceded polymerization
whereby the seed compromises a parallel register beta-pleated sheet
form of the pre-on protein that is stabilized in a
fibrilliar polymer by intermolecular hydrogen bonding so
you have the pre-on protein and it changes into a configuration that's more of a
baited pleated sheet and the interaction between the
the amino acids greatly stabilizes the form in the baited pleated sheet form
really stabilizes it in pre-on disease this is number two
new monomers bind and misfold and are thus added to the ends of the fibrill
and new seeds are created by fragmentation so they they bind together
and then now you see that this blue protein is going to
unfold and refold into the beta-pleated sheet that is complementary to
the other pre-on that it just touched and then if these fragment then they can go
on and you know spread out and and do more damage like the ghost
busters so pre-ons are resist i'll say there are
several other distinct features of the mechanisms of pre-on disease pathogenesis
pre-ons are resistant to physiochemical destruction meaning that they can
contaminate the wild or farmed environment leading to episodic
episodic disease and infect medical products such as
cadaver derived human growth hormone and part
manufactured cadaver derived dura matter
i don't know what that's used for pre-ons adhere to surgical steel and other
services where they can resist conventional sterilizing methods
allowing transmission of disease via surgical instruments
pre-ons exist in distinct distinct strains but are encoded by a structure
rather than a genome so that's a whoops sorry
that's a pretty bold statement dang it i'm going the wrong way again
i'm going to keep reading i want to get that thing playing again
here we go pre-ons adhere to surgical steel so pre-ons exist in distinct
strains that's three down here can you see my arrow here
but are encoded by a structure rather than a genome pre-on strains are thought to
comprise a quasi species
or distribution of abnormal structures each of which may have different
kinetic properties and pre-delections for
predilections for different tissue types transmission between animals or
humans particularly if this involves different primary
sequences or polymorphisms of i believe that's the pre-on protein
may involve the strains selection of minority confirmations present in the
quasi species or even provoke strain mutations to
generate new strains in this way pre-ons may
appear to evolve by Darwinian selection i mean there's no citations here this is
just a story they're telling of possibilities keep that in mind
i got clicked again i didn't mean to click shoot
oh i clicked up here sorry um in this way
pre-ons may appear to evolve so pre-ons are tolerated by the host immune
system and spread between cells and organs this is for
here several mechanisms of spread have been proposed including direct contact
between cell services tunneling nanotubes that's pretty much like uh
like how coronavirus was supposed to spread remember
exosomes and other extracellular vesicles and simply after cell damage and
release into the surrounding interstitial fluids or blood
pre-ons can cross the blood the gut wall and amplifying the peripheral
lymphole reticular system they are thought to invade the central nervous
system by retrograde transport on splanic nerves
toxicity and pre-on diseases has been intensively studied in several
complementary mechanisms are being investigated
that's number five there are some evidence that pre-ons
themselves are not directly neurotoxic rather i
hypothesize pre-on related substance may be produced
once pre-on propagation is saturated in a host
so they have another ship in a bottle type variable there could be a toxin
that's produced uh relevant factors may include membrane
distortions interactions of pre-ons with ion channels
loss of support or toxic factors secreted by microglia astrocytes abnormal
autophagy activation of the unfolded protein response whatever that is
and loss of pik fy ve i don't know what that is and i'm not
shame to say it um upr then that's the that's the uh
the key there and so for the identification of infectious
protein and they're pre-cluded they don't need to have RNA they just
they make copies of themselves by for forcing other proteins related to them
i guess to change to their configuration
which is an extraordinary mechanism to claim given that we
i've heretofore been told that the structure and tertiary form of a protein
is primarily dependent on its sequence in composition of that sequence
so if the propensity to form a pre-on
is completely encoded in its structure
and structure of a protein is related to its sequence it's still hard to get
out of that loop and yet somehow or another in pre-on biology
we're supposed to believe that the structure of the protein i guess is
somewhat secondary into a certain extent that's possible
because there are related um amino acids it's not impossible for that to be
the case but i just want you to see where you
not what exercises you need to do what muscles you need to exercise in your
head to start thinking about this in a useful way
so start thinking about what is the sequence of a pre-on protein
and to what extent is that sequence flexible and still able to generate
the the very hyper stable infectious form and how would that be related to the
attractor state of function that presumably would exist on any of these
proteins that get usurped into being a pre-on
because it's not going around finding garbage right or is it
maybe that's what it is maybe that's what vetner vetner was talking about is
that the garbage that's produced from from ribosomes tends to be the
possible here but now the base state always requires a
pre-on protein to be present the base state requires
the the native pre-on protein to then be
induced to misfold that's already part of the model so don't lose that
even when you read this and it seems like oh there can be new strains and
stuff like that no no no no no no no the new strains are all based on
the the native pre-on protein they have to be by definition by the
by this model and yet somehow or another
the Nobel Prize was awarded in 1997 when in 1997 they didn't know squat about
this yet it was still hand waving about what
was going on if you could see it as being
almost a forced Nobel Prize the people that got the Nobel Prize in 2014
have been working on place cells for 20 years
or longer 30 years and lots of other laboratories were recording place cells
and grid cells for many years before the Nobel Prize was rewarded for
the discovery of those things there should have been lots of labs all
around the world confirming his work and showing that pre-ons are real and
describing the mechanism and the whole problem should have been solved
when they gave the award to him but I don't think it was
and I think if you go through a few like let's say reviews on pre-ons and you
start to go down the list of their bibliography
I think we're going to find together that that the pre-on biology that exists
out there is a lot of conjecture and a lot of exaggeration it seems like
primarily to make their field more impactual than it is in nature
do these things exist in the sheep and stuff like that in goats I think so
but primarily way to study it is to inject this crap right into the brain
you can't just smear it on their lips and wait
and so there's a lot of hand waving that goes on again primarily with
the laboratory models so we're going to go back to Stanley Prusner's papers from
2000 this one's from 1991 and then another paper
from 1998 and so basically these two papers are
going to provide us with a daily task of walking through a couple papers
about scrappy or about any of these crowdsfeld yachab type variants so that
we can start to understand to what extent we really get it
to what extent these are real phenomenon to what extent we understand the
mechanisms behind it and to what extent we're still spinning our
wheels assuming that this is something that we need to
fear as a worst-case scenario I think it's really important because
it is a possibility that transfection has a very big downside and that
downside is this and it could be that they've already known that
that downside is coming and so seeding this narrative is important for
them to get ahead of it so that they can also have
this debunking narrative going already so that that dichotomy
that limited spectrum of debate is present in the coming years as this
stuff becomes more and more prevalent in younger and younger people
it's possible it's also just a giant distraction to make sure that we don't
talk about transfection being a really bad idea in healthy humans or talk
about how intramuscular injection is just a ridiculous way
of trying to augment the immune system instead we'll talk about prion so we're
not going to waste weeks and weeks on it and
fortunately the biology of prion disease doesn't require weeks and weeks
so I went back four years for this slide or I guess three years for this slide
three in some change they changed the way we think about all
cause mortality they changed the way we think about the
coronavirus swarm and you might even think a little differently you might
just say they they changed the way we think about
background signals and they made us believe that there are none
there are no background signals to be confounded there are no errors to be
made we can give you a 17 battery PCR test
and tell you all the viruses that are there and what they're doing
that's what they want you to believe and they've changed the way you think
about that is being relevant because everybody thinks they're going to get
tested when they go into the hospital now they've changed the way you think
about your immune system and how it works and how it gets activated
how this cells migrate in response to an infection and then migrate back again
and what that migration signifies also changed the way you think about
linked recognition and why linked recognition would be so much more
powerful in an infection versus the linked recognition that occurs
during a a transfection and of course we spent months explaining that in 2020
in 2021 and in 2022 and all of these people
that I call medlers have basically ignored this
none of them have even said the word linked recognition even though it's
probably the most important mechanism of the acquired immune
branch of the immune response and so we'll go on and we'll teach that again
because that's important we'll do that in April as well
they've changed the way we think about the concept of vaccination and they
have done that for a wide variety of reasons but they really want you to
believe that intramuscular injection is some way of augmenting it and it's not
and so we'll go through this list again as well because this list hasn't changed
we nailed it already three years ago and all of these medlers
all of these members of teamwork case scenario have done their best to tip
toe around it because they have to because they're they signed on the page
to try and confound the effects of the virus with the expected effects of the
transfection so that would nobody would figure out the extent of the damage
that had been done and that the past would fade into a mist it could be
erased and the eraser would be forgotten and then the
lie would become the truth we're close to this happening
we're close to this happening because of the coordinated efforts of so many
people around the world on social media and are allowing them
to give them their attention we take our attention away from them we will
already be a little bit better off if we get out of the car
that we are stuck with them in and we will already be better off
but that won't fix the problem because action is still required
we still need to act on behalf of our young people so that they start to
understand this so that they see that they've been
governed by a coordinated group of people who agree to lie about this so that we
can be governed by it this worst case scenario where
mystery virus is responsible for excess deaths and where you lie about
everything you lie about pulse oximeters and
oxygen levels you lie about do not resuscitate orders and ventilators
and antibiotic use and steroids and you were at lie about remdesivir
medazalam and opioid deaths and death certificate fraud you lie about
financial incentives that led to all of the above
you lie about tracking traces ever even happening you lie about the year that
you supported masks you lie about the year that you advocated for closures
and you lie about the year where you didn't necessarily think mandates were
that bad you lie about PCR fraud by not even acknowledging it you lie
about lateral flow test fraud by not acknowledging it and you lie about
sequencing fraud by not acknowledging it
and by agreeing to do all of this stuff essentially
a huge wave of medicare costs have been avoided
essentially they never are going to address the real issue which is that
pharmaceutical products should have strict liability they never are going to
address the issue that the prep act is a fundamental violation of our
seventh mentor amendment right to sue
and of course they're not going to talk about zero epidemiological evidence of
spread the idea that if 24 000 people could be killed in four weeks in
new york you better expect a few more people to die in new jersey than died
and so as i've said yesterday and i'll say again these people are pretending to
be part of a phenomenon that they are not a part of
they are pretending to usefully contribute to something that they
haven't usedfully contributed to and the way that they've done it is by
occupying your consciousness with their act
by occupying your consciousness with their
censorship with their loss of income with their loss of a job
when in reality they didn't lose a job they traded
they traded up most of the time they went from having to do something to
just being a tenure track professor on sub-stack
and they continue to tell the same story that they've been telling for years
already and nobody seems to notice
all the incongruencies that have been identified over the last four years
that are listed here haven't been adequately described by Pierre Corrie or
Robert Malone or any of these people they've never taken a whack at it because
that's not their job their job is to sustain the myth
of the novel virus of gain of function of a rushed response and a lot of
mistakes and a general need for amnesty at this point
because you know we've got to come together because we all want the same
thing
when in reality they are still lying to us they're still governing us by these
stories still we are arguing about hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin and
yet steven hatville is the guy who's going to release a book about it
Pierre Corrie's got the only other book about it
the guy who said that one of the biggest uh
symptomologies of of the covid pandemic in in new york at the time was
low pulse ox
and so here we are identifying such a huge piece of the puzzle this
wanton use of of of supplemental oxygen most likely led to the demise of
thousands of people nobody will talk about it
and as i've just delineated on a slider few or earlier
there's a lot of things besides double-stranded DNA
for you to object to with regard to transfection in your children
but they want you to focus on double-stranded DNA so that your brain will
circle back to the all we rushed it and that means there's a potential to
make this better and that's why all the people
that you know that have invented this or cut their teeth in the human genome
project they're all working together to do the same thing which is to
try and absolve the transfection for rushing it
the diffuse proposal is a proposal of that was leaked by the people
that want that story to take hold that want you to believe that there was a
fear and cleavage site and that that was really important
that a few amino acids could endow an RNA molecule with the potential to
pandemic whereas before it would not be able to pandemic that's the magic
that's the story they tell you and it's a part of this this
useless narrative
and so the pandemic was created with past papers it was created with tabletop
exercises it was created with an illusion
generated by mash casualty events that were misconstrued as a
the start of something big and then modelers went off of that
news programs went off of that and there was a team worst case scenario in
the backwoods of the internet that was also going off that spreading the
worst case scenario billions of people could die
and the lab leak argument was part of creating that illusion that
wow I mean if they're covering up a lab leak then this could really be the
worst case scenario and they might really be lying about it
and it's possible that people like Pierre Corey
were actually sucked up into that potential at very early on
and if they were sucked up into that potential very early on then some of
the messaging that they did may have been based on that scare
and so a simple confession of saying that well these people brought me in a
room and told me that there was a gain of function virus that was going
around the world and we had to have 100 compliance
and so they needed me to go on and say these things
and now in retrospect I really regret it because I think if I wouldn't have said
those things a lot more people would be alive right now
that would be a tide turning moment if someone could get the cojones
to actually confess that they didn't know what was going on that somebody
lied to them about the worst case scenario early on and that's why they
bought into it and now it's too late for them to turn around
that's how I felt when I confessed over a year and a half ago now
to having been bamboozled by this idea that gain of function could go around the
world and definitely could go endemic and so now we've all been fooled
we all still think that it's possible that this
gain of function spike is going to be responsible for all kinds of crazy
things and that residual idea is still going to
defeat it but we don't actually burn it down
Specialization is always that if you analyze the politics of science
the specializations should make you suspicious it should because it's gotten
harder to evaluate what's going on and it's presumably gotten easier for people
to lie and to exaggerate and then one should be you know a little bit
suspicious and that's that's uh that's sort of my starting
my starting bias and that's why I show it because I do
think it's actually possible that the security state the biosecurity state
the public health state the FDA the CDC the who
all of these non-governmental organizations all of these weaponized
piles of money have a vested interest in us
believing in vaccinations they have a vested interest to us
in believing in pandemic potential they have a vested interest in us believing
that false positives are very rare and that these diagnostics are the new
best thing since buttered bread they have a vested interest in us believing
that this is a continued evolution of an endemic virus that started in 2020
and so that we will continue to think we need to be augmented against it
they need us to believe that they're spending money on gain-of-function
viruses so that this potential will exist in perpetuity and that we will
teach it to our children we can't let it happen
I don't I don't I think you understand that we can't let that happen
and so the way to prevent that happening is to show our children admit what
happened admit what we allowed to happen we allowed them to get rid of this
exponential Medicare cost by killing our old people we allowed them
to protect against the growing skepticism of vaccines with this lockdown and
insistence that this thing is working we are allowing them to transition to a
digital currency in a controlled manner if we don't speak up
we are allowing them to genetically to change to genetic vaccines across
the elderly population nobody's speaking up
we are allowing them to confound the toxicity of the virus with
transfection by not speaking up we are allowing them to transition our youth
into full submission by allowing them to go to these universities unsupervised
I think one of the best ways to disrupt this system would be to keep all of our
young people from going to university for the next five years we would ruin
them I don't know what to do with all those kids
that's the problem we need to have a plan for what to do with them
once we have a plan for what to do with them I think it's a real plan
something that we could encourage and try to do in the next couple years
they have disrupted family formation and that was by design and they don't
they're very happy with it they have shortened a lifespan of billions of
people it probably has nothing to do with prions or amyloid it probably just
has to do with autoimmunity and the gradual degradation of the immune
system that was accelerated by transfection and
and the autoimmunity reaction necessary to combat it
we don't know
kill billions of people with a gain of function virus
to destroy the cultural fabric of America and the rest of western society
and to help create chaos necessary for a fundamental reorganization of how
the world is governed absolutely
and so if you want us to get out the way out is to advocate for a pause on the
childhood vaccine schedule in America because of its extreme
and the dosages investigate that's I'm not saying that all vaccines are good
I'm saying that if you want to argue this to people who are still locked in
you can't start with vaccines don't work you can start with intramuscular
injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting
the immune system is dumb and then you can go to
comparing the vaccine schedule in America to any other vaccine schedule
and then suggest okay now even if you think intramuscular injection is okay
which it's not think about this schedule compared to this schedule
what does it tell you about what they think about our children
investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause those mass casualty events
that's Jessica Hockett and other investigate the use of mass casualty
events and transfection perhaps to create the illusion of the pandemic
especially the sequencing reactions that were
said to be the source of the original sequences
regain sovereignty over your bodies get out of the who in the UN
entirely would be a great way to do it and if you want to find the people who
are meddling with us you just got to look for the fact that they don't
actually talk about the childhood vaccine schedule is being a problem
they never use the word strict liability even though they might be a lawyer
they never or rarely use the idea that the mass
protocol that the deadly protocols were
overwhelmingly responsible for what happened and when they do they still say
but I'm sure there was a novel virus they don't use the word transfection and
if they do they use it very sparingly and not in the way that it could be
used they they don't use the word clone to explain
anything about virology they attack people instead of ideas
and they are unable to summarize across the entire show and now you might say
J you attack people but I attack people that have lied
to me I attack people that I've shaken their hand
and then they've stabbed me in the back later
and when I attack them I attack them for what they said
I attack them for what they said and then contradicted
I attack them for what they said and I can't say
some of the people that I call out regularly are people that
have said things to my face in front of other people that are just so
abhorrent that you can't even repeat them you can't even tell the story
so you're just going to have to accept that for the way it is but I'm not like
Tucker Carlson I don't lie I've never lied
because I'm not bound by a limited spectrum of debate I'm not trying to
trap your grandchildren I'm not trying to get rich
I'm just trying to make ends meet while doing what I feel like is the only thing
left for me to do maybe even the thing that I was kind of
born to do in a way
we are at a time point where human diversity is as at a peak for all time
and so they need the go games I've got a great video of of of Kurtzweiler
that I'm going to watch tomorrow that's going to blow your mind
he basically explains this very very succinctly about what we need and why
we need it we need a billion genomes we actually don't need all of them
which is kind of funny the reason why is because artificial general
intelligence is right around the corner
Kurtzweiler says that we're going to cure all diseases by the end of the 2030s
so all he has to do is bridge living until the 2030s and then
he will make it to the point where technology will make him immortal he says
these words that's the kind of stuff that these people believe
that they've been telling the heads of these weaponized piles of money as
possible
and this mythology is what makes the world go around right now makes the lies
sustainable makes this spectacular commitment to these lies
sustainable is the weaponized piles of money and the comfort that they can
provide they are lying about AI ladies and gentlemen
AI can be used to control you AI can be used to influence you just like a
newspaper can language is not some big trick
language is a very simple system that we have
tricked ourselves into believing is is somehow magically an evidence of
intelligence that they can come up with a response
these large language models are nothing more than an elaborate illusion
they're not going to wake up tomorrow they're not going to take over like
Skynet but if we don't pay attention to what's
going on right now the men with those machines the
women with those machines will able we'll be able to control us
just like Edward Bernays said not because AI is a general intelligence
not because it it takes over but just because there are ways to program a
computer so that you don't see what you should see on social media so that you
see something that's completely fake and you don't
know it that's what's coming and so let's be sure
that we are not afraid let's be sure that we are telling the truth
let's be sure that we are frank please stop all transfections in humans
because they are whoops that's sorry i'm not going to play that now
i'll play the regular song i don't know why that one was queued up
uh stop all transfections and help the humans because they are trying to
eliminate the control group by any means necessary
so tomorrow let's do our first journal club on prions we'll look at those first
two papers and see what kind of summary we had in
91 what kind of summary we had in 1998 about the state of the art of prions
when the when the Nobel Prize was awarded and then we'll see what potential for
prionogenesis the spike protein might have or what what experiments have done
which shown show the potential for prionogenesis
in the spike proteins because i have a feeling there's going to be
there's going to be a lot of gray areas here a lot less certainty than is being
portrayed by some of these worst case scenario members
and then after we burnt this tree down to the ground we'll get back to working
on immunology and we'll get back to working on
the coming artificial biology and trying to work on on hammering down and
beating back the transhumanist agenda and the idea that they're
almost there they're not almost there we got to make our kids aware of the
sacred biology we got to make our kids aware of the
irreducible complexity that that is the real beauty of biology
and once they can appreciate that um then all of these mythologies will be
useless against them and will be useless um it will it won't mean anything to
them at all don't forget
thanks a lot for joining me guys i really appreciate it thanks for staying
with me um
tomorrow's our first journal club in a long time i'm looking forward to it
you